Thank you for your interest in creating Machine Tool Apps for the Okuma OSP Control. 
http://www.okuma.com/wp-machine-tool-apps

We’re always excited to get more developers involved with MyOkuma.com
 
Our Open API Software Development Kit is currently located on Bitbucket.
https://bitbucket.org/okuma/open-api-sdk

We use StackOverflow to answer programming questions.
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/okuma

Open API questions can be sent to API@okuma.com
Okuma App Store questions should be sent to AppStore@okuma.com

If you have a completed application that you would like to appear on MyOkuma.com, please follow the steps listed below.

   1) Fill out the Developer’s Information Form (this only needs to be done once.)

   2) Fill out an Okuma App Store Icon Questionnaire for each app you will be submitting (PDF available upon request).
	This is for the creation of the blue bordered tiles for each app as seen here: https://www.myokuma.com/all-apps

   3) Send the following items to appstore@okuma.com (you may use Dropbox, FTP, or any other method you’d like)
      a. The Application Installer (if not hosted externally)
      b. 2 to 5 screen shots of the application
      c. Installation manual and any other documentation
      d. The completed Okuma App Store Icon Questionnaire
      e. Optionally you may provide one or more videos related to the app

   4) Fill out an Application Details Form for each app you will be submitting
	This process may involve getting feedback from your Engineering or Marketing departments.
        It is essential to have correct compatibility information for SCOUT to give accurate results.
        The text that appears on your app’s detail page will come from this form.

Please note that for paid software, we require that the version submitted either be a demo or include a trial license.

If you want to have your Machine Tool App Okuma Certified, we will send you our certification checklist for your reference.
You do not need to fill out this form; It is used by our team to determine if an app may receive certification during the app testing phase. 
